I am a recent graduate with a degree in Computer Science and Molecular Biology \& Biochemistry who is currently seeking a full-time position as a front-end software developer.

Over the last three years, I have developed a love and deep appreciation for progressive web app development with React. Even as I was engaged in school or work, I have found that I enjoy spending my free time developing personal projects, and I tend to always have something that I am currently working on. Having the opportunity to progress myself towards that goal at a company like  is very exciting to me.
I am an aspiring full-stack developer who has a passion for progressive web app development. Through various internships and contract work over the last 2 years, I have developed strong front-end development skills with React, Next.js, CSS, HTML and more. Currently, I am enrolled in a JavaScript Back-End Development course on Codecademy, where I am seeking to strengthen the back-end skills I have taught myself from various personal projects. In aligment with my goal, I would be thrilled to have the opportunity to learn back-end development at a company like . 
Previously, I have spent time developing a project with Solidity and Ethers.js, and I am quite familiar with the Crypto ecosystem, and as such it is my dream to work for a company like .

I recently completed an internship at Machobear Studios as a front-end developer, where I was an integral part of the front-end team responsible for the development of the long-term rental services app, "Liv.rent". During my time here, I used ReactJS, Next.js, and TypeScript to implement several important user features, including the new user toaster, pre-authorized debit system, and a custom contract builder that allows landlords to create contracts using their own PDFs and add signing fields for tenants. Important concepts I developed include functional programming using Ramda, state-management, and React hooks. In addition to the technical skills I gained, I also learned how to work with a team, how to manage my time effectively, and how to prioritize tasks to meet project deadlines. Overall, my experience as an intern has provided me with a strong foundation for a career in software development.% After completing my internship, I was offered the opportunity to continue working part-time while I completed my schooling. Now that I have graduated, I am eager to find a position that will allow me to further progress my software development skills and continue learning new technologies.

Before my time at Machobear, I gained experience as a Front-end developer at Skyrocket Digital. During my tenure, I used JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to develop responsive front-ends that matched design and customer specifications, resulting in the delivery of many high-quality websites.  In this role, I designed a JavaScript API system that managed affiliate discount codes and payouts using the Shopify API, which was a significant personal achievement. Working at Skyrocket, I gained valuable experience in turning a design into a fully functioning product. This opportunity provided me with a solid foundation in front-end development and helped me develop skills that will be useful throughout my career.%At Skyrocket, we emphasized the use of back-end services like Shopify, CraftCMS, and Thinkific to ensure that site content was dynamically updated.

Throughout my time at university, I invested over a thousand hours of work across various student led groups. I held the role of President for the Science Undergraduate Society as well as the role of Applied Science Representative for the entire Faculty of Applied Science on the school's governing student union body, the Simon Fraser Student Society. As president, I lead a team of 10 students to accomplish many goals, including completely rewriting our constitution and by-laws. Practical skills I learned during this time include writing detailed work reports, creating concise yet informative PowerPoints, and other important communication techniques which make me a well-rounded candidate, beyond just writing code. This experience also taught me what it takes to be a leader, as I throughout the year I had to deal with far more circumstances than I initially would have expected, including dealing with interpersonal issues between executives in the society and having to let go of an executive who was not meeting the required meeting attendance quota.

With my previous experiences and eagerness to learn, I am confident that I would be a valuable addition to the  team. Thank you for considering my application, and I am excited to have the chance to discuss with you how I can contribute to your team at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,
Nicholas Chubb
